docs (domain): add bits for LDAP accounts, auth-methods and managed g… (#2857)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/concepts/domain-model/auth-methods.mdx

- `min_password_length` - (required) The default is 8.

### LDAP Auth Method Attributes

The ldap auth method has the following additional attributes:

- `state` - The state of the auth method; either inactive, active-private or
  active-public

- `start_tls` - (optional) If true, issues a StartTLS command after establishing
  an unencrypted connection. Defaults to false.

- `insecure_tls` - (optional) If true, skips LDAP server SSL certificate

>   validation - insecure and use with caution. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  validation - which is insecure and should be used with caution. Defaults to false.
```

Author: ty!

> - `discover_dn` - (optional) If true, use anon bind to discover the bind DN of a

Reviewer: Should this maybe have DN (Distinguished Name) since this is the first time DN is seen on this page?

  user. Defaults to false.

- `anon_group_search` - (optional) If true, use anon bind when performing LDAP
  group searches. Defaults to false.

- `upn_domain` - (optional) If set, the userPrincipalDomain used to construct
  the UPN string for the authenticating user. The constructed UPN will appear as 
  [username]@UPNDomain  Example: example.com, which will cause Boundary to
  bind as username@example.com when authenticating the user.

> - `urls` - (required) The LDAP URLS that specify LDAP servers to connection to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `urls` - (required) The LDAP URLS that specify LDAP servers to connect to.
```

Author: ty!

  There must be at least one URL for each LDAP auth method. When attempting to
  connect, the URLs are tried in the order specified. 

- `user_dn` - (optional) If set is the base DN under which to perform user
  search. Example: ou=Users,dc=example,dc=com

> - `user_attr` - (optional) If set is the attribute on user attribute entry

Author: ty!  I took a stab at making it clearer.

  matching the login-name passed when authenticating.  Examples: cn, uid

> - `user_filter` - (optional) If set is a go template used to construct a LDAP

Author: ty!

  user search filter. The template can access the following context variables:
  [UserAttr, Username]. The default userfilter is ({{.UserAttr}}={{.Username}})
  or (userPrincipalName={{.Username}}@UPNDomain) if the upn-domain parameter is
  set.

- `enable_groups` - (optional) If true, an authenticated user's groups will be
  found during authentication. Defaults to false.

> - `group_dn` - (optional) If set is the base DN under which to perform a group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `group_dn` - (optional) If set, the base DN under which to perform a group
```

  search. Example: ou=Groups,dc=example,dc=com

  Note: there is no default, so no base dn will be used for group searches if
  it's not specified

> - `group_attr` - (optional) If set is the LDAP attribute to follow on objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `group_attr` - (optional) If set, the LDAP attribute to follow on objects
```

Author: ty!

  returned by group_filter in order to enumerate user group membership.
  Examples: for group_filter queries returning group objects, use: cn. For
  queries returning user objects, use: memberOf. The default is cn.

> - `group_filter` - (optional) If set is a Go template used when constructing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `group_filter` - (optional) If set, the Go template used when constructing the
```

Author: ty!

  group membership query. The template can access the following context
  variables: [UserDN, Username]. The default is
  (|(memberUid={{.Username}})(member={{.UserDN}})(uniqueMember={{.UserDN}})),
  which is compatible with several common directory schemas.

> - `certificates` - (optional) If set are PEM encoded x509 certificates in ASN.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `certificates` - (optional) If set, PEM encoded x509 certificates in ASN.1
```

  DER form that can be used as trust anchors when connecting to an LDAP
  provider. 

> - `client)certificate` - (optional) If set is a PEM encoded x509 certificates in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `client)certificate` - (optional) If set, PEM encoded x509 certificates in
```

Author: ty!

  ASN.1 DER form to be used as a client certificate. It must be set if the
  optional client_certificate_key is specified

> - `client_certificate_key` - (optional) If set is a certificate key in PKCS #8,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `client_certificate_key` - (optional) If set, a certificate key in PKCS #8,
```

Author: ty!

  ASN.1 DER form. It must be set if the optional client_certificate is
  specified.
  

> - `bind_dn` - (optional) If set is the distinguished name of entry to bind when 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `bind_dn` - (optional) If set, the distinguished name of entry to bind when 
```

Author: ty!

  performing user and group searches. Example:
  cn=vault,ou=Users,dc=example,dc=com 

> - `bind_password` - (optional) If set is the password to use along with bind_dn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `bind_password` - (optional) If set, the password to use along with bind_dn
```

Author: ty!

  when performing user search. It must be set if the optional bind_dn is
  specified. 

- `use_token_groups` - (optional) If true, use the Active Directory tokenGroups
  constructed attribute of the user to find the group memberships. This will
  find all security groups including nested ones.

> - `account_attribute_maps` - (optional) If set are attribute maps from custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `account_attribute_maps` - (optional) If set, the attribute mappings from custom
```

Author: ty!

- `min_password_length` - (required) The default is 8.

### LDAP Auth Method Attributes

The ldap auth method has the following additional attributes:

- `state` - The state of the auth method; either inactive, active-private or

>   active-public

Reviewer 2: Most other list items end in a full stop
```suggestion
  active-public.
```

Author: I guess, okay.

- `start_tls` - (optional) If true, issues a StartTLS command after establishing
  an unencrypted connection. Defaults to false.

- `insecure_tls` - (optional) If true, skips LDAP server SSL certificate

>   validation - which is insecure and should be used with caution. Defaults to

Reviewer 2: I feel a comma is more appropriate here, what do you think?
```suggestion
  validation, which is insecure and should be used with caution. Defaults to
```

Author: ty!

  false. 

- `discover_dn` - (optional) If true, use anon bind to discover the bind DN
  (Distinguished Name) of a user. Defaults to false.

- `anon_group_search` - (optional) If true, use anon bind when performing LDAP
  group searches. Defaults to false.

- `upn_domain` - (optional) If set, the userPrincipalDomain used to construct
  the UPN string for the authenticating user. The constructed UPN will appear as 
  [username]@UPNDomain  Example: example.com, which will cause Boundary to
  bind as username@example.com when authenticating the user.

- `urls` - (required) The LDAP URLS that specify LDAP servers to connect to.
  There must be at least one URL for each LDAP auth method. When attempting to
  connect, the URLs are tried in the order specified. 

- `user_dn` - (optional) If set, the base DN under which to perform user

>   search. Example: ou=Users,dc=example,dc=com

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  search. Example: ou=Users,dc=example,dc=com.
```

Author: So the period is required as part of the DN?  That's what I think when I read your suggestion and why I didn't add the period.

Reviewer 2: I understand, in that case I really think we should surround the examples with backticks consistently, that would remove ambiguity and make the style consistent.

Author: I disagree.

Reviewer 2: Fair enough 😄.

- `user_attr` - (optional) If set, defines the attribute on a user's entry 

>   matching the login-name passed when the user authenticates.  Examples: cn, uid  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  matching the login-name passed when the user authenticates.  Examples: cn, uid.
```

Author: same "period" comment as earlier.

> - `user_filter` - (optional) If set, the go template used to construct a LDAP

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `user_filter` - (optional) If set, the go template used to construct an LDAP
```

Author: ty!

  user search filter. The template can access the following context variables:

>   [UserAttr, Username]. The default userfilter is ({{.UserAttr}}={{.Username}})

Reviewer 2: The `_` separator in the option name implies to me that this is two words.
```suggestion
  [UserAttr, Username]. The default user filter is ({{.UserAttr}}={{.Username}})
```

Author: Added an underscore to be consistent with the name.

  or (userPrincipalName={{.Username}}@UPNDomain) if the upn-domain parameter is
  set.

- `enable_groups` - (optional) If true, an authenticated user's groups will be
  found during authentication. Defaults to false.

- `group_dn` - (optional) If set, the base DN under which to perform a group

>   search. Example: ou=Groups,dc=example,dc=com

Author: same "period" comment as earlier.

  Note: there is no default, so no base dn will be used for group searches if
  it's not specified

- `group_attr` - (optional) If set, the LDAP attribute to follow on objects
  returned by group_filter in order to enumerate user group membership.

>   Examples: for group_filter queries returning group objects, use: cn. For

Author: I don't think so... we haven't been.

  queries returning user objects, use: memberOf. The default is cn.

- `group_filter` - (optional) If set, the Go template used when constructing the
  group membership query. The template can access the following context
  variables: [UserDN, Username]. The default is
  (|(memberUid={{.Username}})(member={{.UserDN}})(uniqueMember={{.UserDN}})),
  which is compatible with several common directory schemas.

- `certificates` - (optional) If set, PEM encoded x509 certificates in ASN.1
  DER form that can be used as trust anchors when connecting to an LDAP
  provider. 

- `client_certificate` - (optional) If set, a PEM encoded x509 certificate in
  ASN.1 DER form to be used as a client certificate. It must be set if the

>   optional client_certificate_key is specified

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  optional client_certificate_key is specified.
```

Author: ty!

> - `client_certificate_key` - (optional) If set, a certificate key in PKCS #8,

Reviewer 2: I think this is also PEM encoded?
```suggestion
- `client_certificate_key` - (optional) If set, a PEM encoded certificate key in PKCS #8,
```

Author: ty!

  ASN.1 DER form. It must be set if the optional client_certificate is
  specified.
  
- `bind_dn` - (optional) If set, the distinguished name of entry to bind when 
  performing user and group searches. Example:

>   cn=vault,ou=Users,dc=example,dc=com 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  cn=vault,ou=Users,dc=example,dc=com.
```

Author: same "period" comment as earlier.
